seven marketing tactics that provide
quick results look I'll preach about the
power of long-term marketing strategy
and SEO and don't worry even though I
love SEO I'm not going to focus on that
because I know SEO takes longer time to
get results doesn't mean you shouldn't
do it but sometimes as a business you
just need results right now so let's
dive into some strategies that will work
number one launch a referral program did
you know that referred customers 18 more
loyal than a customer acquired by other
means that trust is so important when it
comes to building brand loyalty think
about your network if you know some
people and you know some people that may
know some other people then you got to
tap into your network a referral program
can promote your brand quickly and
incentivize people to do so treat it
like a major part of your marketing
Arsenal and help it generate more height
my Ad Agency NP digital offers different
kind of Partnerships including referrals
and we do this with other companies and
it's a large source of our Revenue
drives millions and millions of dollars
a year and what we do is we drive leads
to other people they drive leads to us
that's an example of a referral program
another version of this is just an
affiliate program you can use a lot of
tools out there like has offers to
create an affiliate program or
Ambassador and that can also be your
version of a referral program or you can
do hand-to-hand combat like we do with
our Biz Dev department and as I
mentioned it drives millions and
millions of dollars in revenues I'm not
going to share this specific number but
it's not a million dollars it's much
more than that super effective tactic
number two create a Content calendar
want to set yourself up for Success
moving forward a Content calendar just
may be the piece that's missing a
Content calendar can serve as a
structural backbone to your entire
blogging strategy you can use it to plan
content collaborate with your team track
due dates and map out when you're going
to post on certain channels it might
seem like it would take a lot of
brainstorming tons of different ideas
and thoroughly outline every single
piece of content that you're going to do
but in reality it can all be done in
just an hour and a Content calendar can
just help streamline your whole content
creation process as well and while
creating a Content calendar itself may
not generate immediate results it sets
you up so that way you're consistent
with your content creation
tactic number three use Vista create
want to make steadily beautiful social
posts insanely fast visit crate is an
amazing tool that I've been using lately
that really helps me craft great looking
content in a matter of minutes and the
best part you barely need any design
experience you can choose colors objects
and photos and edit everything with the
background remover tool and make it all
look cohesive you can animate everything
and include all the necessary
information that you need within your
images there are over 70 000 templates
in it 70 million creative assets and
tons of killer features that I love to
use all the time and I can create
amazing ads that look like they took
hours to create in just minutes using it
as well look social media marketing is
all about visuals and if you don't do a
good job with your visuals you're not
going to get the engagement so make sure
your images are pretty
tactic four give away a tool for free
look realistically you may never be
looking to keep up with all the content
that's being created in your industry
and it's hard to do so you can't blog 10
times a day you can't read 10 blog posts
a day you can't be on social media all
the time it's just hard to keep up with
content whether it's from a creation
site or consumption site but you know
people love tools my Uber says tool has
over 20 000 natural backlinks it
generates literally over 2 million
visitors a month how all you may ask
well it's because I give away the tool
mainly for free at one point it was
purely for free and if you don't have
the time and energy to create a tool for
free like uber service and spend that
much time and attention into it you can
go to sites like code Canyon and just go
buy a tool within your industry for ten
to fifty dollars and they allow you to
White Label it and put it on your
website and act like it's your own
and it's one of the biggest strategies
I've used to grow my Ad Agency NP
digital we were one of the 21st fastest
growing companies according to Inc
magazine a few years ago and the way we
did it was give away a free tool and
that tool generated us 40 of our
Consulting customers tactic five batch
your posts on social media building off
that content calendar tip this is one of
the best ways to save yourself a ton of
time and make sure that your social
posts hit during the right moment where
everyone is online bash posting is
essentially scheduling posts ahead of
time you can schedule things out for
entire week sometimes even longer
depending on the platform ensuring that
you're always online even when you're
not really online you can do this
through buffer HootSuite and there's a
lot of tools that help you do this but
don't worry about what to post and how
often you've already got that under
control when it comes to batch posting
your content because we talked about
content calendars earlier right and I
found that what when companies bash post
their social content they post more
consistently and get roughly 27.2
percent more social engagement and
that's why at our Ad Agency NP digital
we force this upon our clients it's
super effective Tactic six hosts a
contest want explosive growth really
fast well running a contest might just
be the right thing for you look a lot of
companies dismiss contests they're like
look I'm never gonna win they're a bunch
of junk they're a wasted time but then
why do companies like YouTube run them
why they do them during their early days
that's right YouTube does it even when
you go to like a sporting event like an
NHL game like the Las Vegas night or a
football event they'll do contests
within the arena they wouldn't do it if
it didn't work you can do things like
offering an iPad for free or a computer
it's literally endless survey your
audience figure out what you think
they'll like and leverage that in your
contest and you can use tools like viral
sweep to help run your contest super
effective that way you don't have to
hire a developer tactic seven write
about new exciting topics chances are
your competition is fighting all over
the same keywords and topics as you are
so why not beat them to the punch on the
next one tools like exploding topics can
help you catch the topic at a early
moment right before it gets too big and
oversaturated and you can capitalize
that with your audience you can also use
tools like answer the public to see
what's hot right then and there and
answer the public has an alert feature
once you sign up it's free to use and
once you sign up it'll actually email
you all the changes for your industry
and what new keywords are starting to
become hot that people are starting to
search for and you can use that to just
create content right away and you can
use tools like the Uber says AI writer
to write the content for you so that way
you just have to go and modify it and it
saves you an hour of your time now those
are strategies to get you traffic
quicker and not just rely on SEO if you
want my team to help you implement some
of them or other strategies that we use
check out my Ad Agency NP digital if you
enjoyed this video like it share it tell
the people about it thank you for
watching